My-Yelp
====================

My-Yelp is the Week 8 project I worked on at [Makers Academy](http://www.makersacademy.com).
This application's purpose is being a clone of Yelp, a restaurant listing and rating service. This has been our introduction to Rails, focusing especially on:

* Creating Rails applications
* The structure of Rails apps (models, views, controllers, the router, helpers)
* TDD on Rails, with RSpec & Capybara
* Associations in Rails
* Validations
* AJAX in Rails

====================

The project has been developed through 4 versions:

	1. MVP - For the initial version the core functionality of Yelp has been duplicated - users are presented with a list of restaurants which they can leave reviews for. TDD development has been used, with both feature and unit tests.

	2. Version 2 - adding user login via [Devise](https://github.com/makersacademy/Walkthroughs/blob/master/devise.md).

	3. Version 3 - Enhanced UX with Rails helper methods and AJAX.

====================

The features I implemented via TDD are:

  1. As a User, when browsing the homepage, I can add a link, complete with tags.

  2. As a User, when browsing the search page, I can filter the links by tag.

  3. As a User, I can sign in, and have my credentials checked as email and password.

  4. As a User, I can sign up.

  5. As a User, I can sign out.

====================

The programming languages and technologies I used are:

  * Ruby

  * Rspec

  * Rails framework

  * Capybara

  * AJAX

  * Devise

  * JBuilder

====================

How to run the application:

  * In the browser enter: [http://appname.herokuapp.com/](http://appname.herokuapp.com/)

How to test the application:

  * From command line enter:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:federicomaffei/yelp.git
cd yelp
rspec
```

====================

Possible future adds to the features:

 * 

 * 